So I'll give you the engine.
He doesn't deserve it either
Ouch, Li Yi, you're not sprained, are you?
Chu Chen, you are so rude
Chu Chen, how dare you be impulsive
Li Yi, your sister-in-law must tell you the truth
Li Yi?
But the big boss of billions
You're so rude to him
You can kill him with one phone call
Chu Chen, kneel down immediately and make three noises.
So I can live without blame.
Then I'll tell you too
You tried to attack me
You kneel down and kowtow three times to apologize to me now
I can forgive you too.
You want to kill me?
What size do you want Li Yi to apologize to you?
Dog eyes see people
I am Long Shuai of Zhengbei Army
Zhengbei Army Long Shuai
Your wife ran away with someone else and is still in the North Army
Long Shuai sees your fart
Chen, I know your life is not going well right now
If you want to pretend to be Long Shuai, you will be satisfied.
Vanity
But as a teacher, I have to tell you something.
You do this
It will only make others look down on you even more
Ahahahaha
Did you hear what everyone said?
You can't even compare to my hair now
I count to 30, you kneel down and apologize to me
Otherwise, you will be responsible for the consequences.
Yo Yo Yo, this trash is still working hard
I won't apologize today
I see what you can do to me
Ma'am, look at these words later and that's it
What big characters are you Li Yi?
You turned against him
It's so noisy that Li Yi is a millionaire
If you provoke him, you green-haired turtle will not have good fruit to eat.
The green-haired turtle is coming again
I'd like to see what I can do here today
2 hahahaha
What are you capable of?
What's up?
Could it be
You still want to hit me?
Okay, come on, you call here
Huh?
No chance